Update dashboard FAQ (#5895) (#6051)
pingcap/docs: dashboard/dashboard-faq.md

### An `invalid connection` error is shown in **Top SQL Statements** and **Recent Slow Queries** on the Overview page

The possible reason is that you have enabled the `prepared-plan-cache` feature of TiDB. As an experimental feature, when enabled, `prepared-plan-cache` might not function properly in specific TiDB versions, which could cause this problem in TiDB Dashboard (and other applications). You can disable `prepared-plan-cache` by updating [TiDB Configuration file](/tidb-configuration-file.md#prepared-plan-cache) to solve this problem.

### An `unknown field` error is shown in **Slow Queries** page

> If the `unknown field` error appears on the **Slow Queries** page after the cluster upgrade, the error is related to a compatibility issue caused by the difference between TiDB Dashboard server fields (which might be updated) and user preferences fields (which are in the browser cache). This issue has been fixed. If your cluster is earlier than v5.0.3 or v4.0.14, perform the following steps to resolve the issue:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `unknown field` error appears on the **Slow Queries** page after the cluster upgrade, the error is related to a compatibility issue caused by the difference between TiDB Dashboard server fields (which might be updated) and user preferences fields (which are in the browser cache). This issue has been fixed. If this issue occurs because your cluster is in an earlier version, perform the following steps to resolve the issue:
```
